Dr Katrina Groves: Structure here for my
Dr Katrina Groves: 11 o'clock.
Dr Katrina Groves: 1130
Dr Katrina Groves: Pacific time for
Dr Katrina Groves: intakes
Dr Katrina Groves: Are Jane. Jane.
Dr Katrina Groves: Everything is going okay with you in the lock down
Dr Katrina Groves: Right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm going to try to focus on some tobacco, a little bit. If I have time 30 minutes
Dr Katrina Groves: Might be too quick might have to taste a 45
Dr Katrina Groves: Or so they get through it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And these are all
Dr Katrina Groves: Open Door community health Center patients established with me over three years.
Thanks.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh. Hey Joe That's who's transcribing today, right. So, I wish I had your picture up here and there's some trouble getting Anthony Hatfield checked in. So we'll do Jennifer Monroe first
Dr Katrina Groves: Not Tracy brown. I guess I haven't stuff.
Tracey Brown: Good morning.
Hi, Tracy
Dr Katrina Groves: I can see I can hear you. But I can't see you. Do you have a little video going on.
Tracey Brown: How's that no a
Dr Katrina Groves: Look for that. There you go. Yeah.
Hey,
Dr Katrina Groves: How are you doing,
Tracey Brown: I'm doing pretty well. Yeah, considering everything going on I'm hanging in there.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow, I love your house. Oh my gosh. For those like
Dr Katrina Groves: Little
Tracey Brown: Is the dream catcher back there.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, well I'm glad that you're joining us. We got like a half hour of stuff to go over here.
Dr Katrina Groves: And most of it. You got to just pretend like I don't know who you are, that I'm some random doctor so you know just
Dr Katrina Groves: To do is tell me how long you been with the clinic. When did you start in your recovery.
Tracey Brown: I believe it was February.
Tracey Brown: 2000
Tracey Brown: I put down 716 17
Dr Katrina Groves: I think it was 2017 I have your other computer to the
Dr Katrina Groves: Right here for the clinic and
Tracey Brown: Yeah, three years.
Dr Katrina Groves: I have done may 1 actually which was yesterday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, well, maybe that same time event, but
Dr Katrina Groves: OK, and then
Dr Katrina Groves: Who's your doctor over at the clinic now.
Tracey Brown: I'M STILL DON'T BE
Tracey Brown: I'm not sure for new last name.
Dr Katrina Groves: changed her name. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. And what medications are you taking
Tracey Brown: Just this Suboxone
Dr Katrina Groves: So you're not taking quantity in anymore. That was old. Oh gosh.
Tracey Brown: Yeah, I tried all for the sweats and none of it helped
Dr Katrina Groves: Man All right, dodi good at that women stuff. Give her a chance. Go in and
Tracey Brown: meet up with her I planned on it before all this happened.
Dr Katrina Groves: For sure they're doing telemedicine visits to Tracy, just like this.
Tracey Brown: Okay, I'll definitely be on it.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you take this box on three times a day.
Tracey Brown: No, I've been taken.
Tracey Brown: The two and a half, mostly to, you know,
Tracey Brown: Oh, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're trying to get
Dr Katrina Groves: Down a little bit huh
Tracey Brown: Yeah, I did. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so how do you feel how are the cravings.
Tracey Brown: Oh,
Tracey Brown: No cravings in little stressed out with all this stuff, you know, I got a job and then got fired from my job and that affected me a little bit. Um, well.
Tracey Brown: I was hired on by a med tech that wasn't really doing our job right. And so I was thrown in there and needed so much. I was working for a memory care center.
Tracey Brown: And they needed me so bad on the floor that they didn't give me proper time to do all my paperwork and everything was like verbally discussed, you know, but I didn't get a chance to write down a whole paragraph statement of what my charges were as far as my criminal history.
Tracey Brown: And they fired me for it was their best worker. I mean, I was just loving my job to work in with them.
Tracey Brown: You know and and yeah and so I got fired. The company was like
Tracey Brown: Worried about their reputation and and they just didn't trust it. They didn't trust me after I didn't write it down and it really kind of affected me because I love my job. I was excited about it. So,
Tracey Brown: I'm getting over it. I it was a little educational, you know, always have your own back always do your paperwork. I thought I was doing good, by doing the physical work. It was demanding, you know, and I was trying to get used to working
Tracey Brown: You know up at three o'clock in the morning, starting at six.
Tracey Brown: Wow. So yeah, little mistake I learned from it.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's really positive. Good for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. So what are your thoughts about a future job.
Tracey Brown: Well, that was over in Oregon.
Tracey Brown: And like Kelly was like, come back to us. We would never do that to you and
Tracey Brown: You know, they know me a little bit better. Over here, they just didn't know me in Oregon and
Tracey Brown: Right, I almost let it affect me. It hurt my feelings and I was like, no, I can't. I can't let it affect me like that.
Tracey Brown: A little more air.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you know what, yeah. It wasn't personal. It was all about what was written and not and so
Dr Katrina Groves: True, they probably hated to let go of you, they probably would love to have you come back.
Tracey Brown: If they can't my coworkers definitely did it was it was the owners and up above them. So, yeah.
Tracey Brown: I'll try to get back in there. I'll do what I gotta do.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm going to take you in the past. Now, which is stuff you probably don't want to remember. But, how old were you when you first started using substances like take me through that were, you were you five years old, melting pot or were you 10 years old.
Tracey Brown: I started smoking cigarettes. I was eight years old, my first, my
Tracey Brown: cigarette butt about the ashtray eight years old, I was addicted. By the time I was oh six seventh grade, seventh grade, eighth grade definitely going form definitely dictated by the ninth grade didn't think I was
Tracey Brown: So that's my first diction.
Tracey Brown: My mom smoked with me. You know, I grew up in a smoke filled house we stayed low to the floor late on the carpet watch TV out of the fog bank.
But
Tracey Brown: Yeah, ended up picking them up, but it's my goal to quit smoking, I'm in fact like any day now. I've been setting up for it and mentally gearing up for it. So I'm going to quit that
Dr Katrina Groves: Excellent. So what have you tried so far in
Tracey Brown: My sobriety. The last few years, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: What have you tried to quit smoking.
Tracey Brown: Well, I know exactly what it entails and it's just
Dr Katrina Groves: you muted yourself.
Dr Katrina Groves: Can't hear you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Tracy
Dr Katrina Groves: Push your, you have a mute button. Can't hear you. There you go. You pushed your mute button.
Dr Katrina Groves: Can you, can you hear me.
Tracey Brown: Yeah, hear me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, now I can I missed all that about your cigarettes. Because you went on.
Tracey Brown: Sorry, I got a phone call. I'm sorry.
Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: And what have you. I just go for
Tracey Brown: I'm actually I I was made to quit when I did 30 days in jail over DMV ticket.
Tracey Brown: Mm hmm. Um,
Tracey Brown: And when I was in jail, I realized that without any normal stresses or any responsibilities. I had three hots and a cot and I just slept for two weeks and slept through the
Tracey Brown: Withdrawals box of it. And when you know when I got caught up on the sleep situation like I remember breaking a sweat and waking up feeling like I was reborn again.
Tracey Brown: And I got back on the streets stressed out it myself a reason few days later and picked him back up again and
Tracey Brown: You know, that's all it took was just given myself an excuse and going from there and then realizing how powerful they are and how we can be you know I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm I just get my myself.
Tracey Brown: Haha
Dr Katrina Groves: How much do you smoke now.
Tracey Brown: I smoke. I'm definitely half a pack a day.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And have you tried patches or GM or Chantix or Wellbutrin
Tracey Brown: Um, I have tried the patches before in the past, which
Tracey Brown: I think I would go cold turkey. I don't think I need an aid. I just need to tell myself. That's it.
Tracey Brown: And that's I'm getting closer and closer, I just, I feel it.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't even think of
Dr Katrina Groves: What do you think you're on a scale of zero to 10 How ready are you 10 being like, I'm ready.
Dr Katrina Groves: Totally and zero is like, I'm not ready at all. I'll never quit. Where are you at
Dr Katrina Groves: Nine. That's great.
Tracey Brown: I'm at a nine, it's, it's something I definitely don't want to die doing
Tracey Brown: Yeah, I want to be able to say she's
Tracey Brown: completely sober when I cross over.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's awesome. So when did you start using the other drugs narcotics math and whatever else you got into
Tracey Brown: I'm the methamphetamines came in, probably around I ran away from home at
Tracey Brown: I was introduced to the math about 16
Tracey Brown: I'm
Tracey Brown: Ran real hard with that very addicted to that for years and years while I was addicted. Is that though I was definitely dealing with
Tracey Brown: My upbringing, you know, things that happened as a kid and everything. So the whole time.
Tracey Brown: During my adolescence. I remember trying to fix myself I was always trying to climb out of the hole trying, you know, so
Tracey Brown: I think I got addicted to the meth, because I was constantly trying to fix myself and I did, I did all kinds of journaling and and
Dr Katrina Groves: As you had issues with rape and incest and things like that. Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: molestation and
Tracey Brown: Three.
Tracey Brown: Is what really triggered me
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you remember any of that. I mean, at three years old. You're not gonna remember that much.
Tracey Brown: Oh yeah, I remember being a child, my mom was such a good mom and I had such great memories that remember a lot
Tracey Brown: I remember too much.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, exactly.
Dr Katrina Groves: Mm hmm.
If your mind.
Tracey Brown: Definitely pass the, uh,
Tracey Brown: The feeling or need for any kind of, you know, drugs, stimulants or anything like like I feel like I have my mind and my health backing me to wear. Yeah, I'm
Tracey Brown: As good as I need to be can be
Dr Katrina Groves: So when did you start the narcotics than that. Do you ever do heroin or IV.
Tracey Brown: No, no, I was once I quit the mess. I felt like I was free from being a drug addict and, you know, not realizing I still smoke marijuana like that was a drug, in my mind, you
Tracey Brown: Know that was more like a medicine for me, but I'm
Tracey Brown: I'm
Tracey Brown: Know what it happened was is that
Tracey Brown: I ended up
Tracey Brown: You know, just like everybody needing a job. I had the kids, they were still in school.
Tracey Brown: And I was desperate for a job and ended up working at a bar, doing a job that was against my personality like I knew I could make money. So I did what I had to do, but it affected me and I ended up drinking, which I'm not a drinker, and I got a DUI.
Tracey Brown: Once I got that DUI. It really affected my life and I never drink again since the
Tracey Brown: DUI and I came back to Crescent City Christina got pregnant with her kid and then a year or two later, I came and saw you and that's I've been on track to sobriety every sense
Dr Katrina Groves: But no, I missed when, when did you get started on the narcotics.
Tracey Brown: Well, when I was working in that bar I hurt my back.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, okay.
Tracey Brown: Bad back injury I tore a disc in my back. And it was so bad. Dr gropes that for three years. I remember just
Tracey Brown: You know, it was like a toothache and my back and like nobody like I couldn't get anybody to believe that it was hurting me as that, as it was, you know, considering you know some of the injuries. People can acquire but I'm
Tracey Brown: Get believed you know with my injury, being an ex drug addict was really hard for me. I didn't know how to speak the language. I still was very, you know,
Tracey Brown: Set back and so
Tracey Brown: During during this time a
Tracey Brown: P was pretty bad word, you know, six Norco sedation to cut it, but it just really didn't because there was constant pain just would not go away.
Tracey Brown: And of course, in my mind, I was just being spoiled to the fact that I just could not, you know, having any pain. I had a lot to do. Still with the kids and but
Tracey Brown: So you
Dr Katrina Groves: Know off the street, then or
Tracey Brown: Yeah, well, the doctor said, You know, you're addicted, you know and and your pill seeking, even though I was still in pain.
Tracey Brown: I wanted to kind of be like, no, you know, and then I just realized yeah substances can be very addictive. Just like the cigarettes. So
Tracey Brown: Regardless of whether I was seeking them out in my mind, or if it was the pain.
Tracey Brown: I knew that I had to
Tracey Brown: Challenge it and
Tracey Brown: I'm still, you know, my goal is to still be completely sober. But I will say um
Tracey Brown: I don't think I would have the quality of life. If I was still feeling that pain and I still feel that underneath the sandbox and that I still have the pain, like, you know, I can still feel it. My back's vulnerable.
Tracey Brown: Like I don't
Tracey Brown: It's in a spot in the sway of my back to where I don't think it'll ever heal is a chair, you know, and it's just something that will never really want to completely Hill, maybe
Dr Katrina Groves: At this point go. How old were you when it started that when you have the back pain.
Tracey Brown: Down 37 when I I heard it.
Tracey Brown: Or yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: So you had never taken any narcotics before 37
Dr Katrina Groves: Nope. Amazing. And so the doctors really are the ones that kind of got you started on the pain pills.
Tracey Brown: She did it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Rain. At that point, if they didn't do an MRI or do any kind of other workup or figure out how they can fix it.
Tracey Brown: Yeah, they just say I could go in for surgery, maybe
Tracey Brown: I don't know, but I know that
Tracey Brown: The tribal doctors. They were working with me so well and I blew it. I ended up taking a stronger drug going in and testing.
Tracey Brown: even trying to hide it, you know, in my mind, I was in pain and
Somebody
Tracey Brown: Took it
Dr Katrina Groves: Was it
Tracey Brown: It was morphine.
Dr Katrina Groves: One thing. Yeah. So then they cut you off all the pills. Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I'm glad you're you found a way to get in recovery and that you're doing well now.
Tracey Brown: Me too. Yeah.
Tracey Brown: I remember waking at the day I woke up, tell him you know just knowing solidified that I'm a drug addict and it was just not in my game plan.
Tracey Brown: That label.
Dr Katrina Groves: My area. So any other medical histories, like I'm looking in your other chart like you don't have high blood pressure, you don't have thyroid problems, you don't have diabetes.
Tracey Brown: Know the, you know, the only thing I do have going on, which I bought some potassium pills, is that I get low on potassium. Um, and
Tracey Brown: I have to stay to a strict diet, you know, you know, food is my enemy if I eat the wrong foods I end up sick and then the sickness that throwing up triggers my back injury, and that's what lets me know I still have that injury.
Tracey Brown: Okay, feel it when I throw up you know
Tracey Brown: So there's so many times.
Dr Katrina Groves: I first stomach problems or lower stomach problems.
Tracey Brown: I would say
Dr Katrina Groves: Like cut like diarrhea or
Tracey Brown: More like yeah like lower yep Greece, more like a I i've been diagnosed with gallstones since I was 19
Tracey Brown: Okay, yeah, I can
Dr Katrina Groves: Eat greasy foods.
Dr Katrina Groves: Nope, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So let me just keep going with that idea in the last week or so have you ever had any beavers are chills or night sweats. Well, you have night sweats, all the time, right.
Tracey Brown: Yeah. What's all the time. I
Tracey Brown: Think the wrong. I could get me as
Tracey Brown: Odd as my temperature
Tracey Brown: Like
Tracey Brown: Oh, no.
Dr Katrina Groves: But have you had any weight gain or weight loss that is worry new or
Tracey Brown: I'm the last time I got sick.
Tracey Brown: It was so bad that a cardiologist ended up in my room at the emergency room and they were just
Tracey Brown: Wow. Open the potassium down me telling me I was gonna have a heart attack, they
Tracey Brown: Put pressure socks on my Ivy's to get it in me to where
Tracey Brown: You know,
Tracey Brown: Yeah inside. I'm an old lady and I'm trying to
Dr Katrina Groves: Kind of cough or wheeze or shortness of breath with your smoking.
Tracey Brown: I got COPD, definitely.
Dr Katrina Groves: hailer
Tracey Brown: Know, you know, what I do is, like, I, I will, I will smoke less and go for walks you know I I do try to combat it the other way.
Tracey Brown: And I can go hours and it be okay. You know, but
Dr Katrina Groves: You should ask God to get one of those puffers just in case you know like for asthma. They work with COPD.
Tracey Brown: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so what about chest pain or pressure or palpitations, anything like that.
Tracey Brown: Um, you know, I've experienced a lot of those, but they were emotionally driven
Tracey Brown: Okay and and when I'm when I'm emotionally. Good.
Tracey Brown: I don't experience it. So I. Yep.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good and any seizures or tremors or vertigo dizzy headaches.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. And how about your mood. Do you have any trouble with depression, anxiety, sleep problems.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right now, no.
Tracey Brown: No, I will say that this Suboxone really gives you a steady brain kind of, you know,
Tracey Brown: You're, you're
Tracey Brown: Constantly steady and able to think through things. Yeah.
That's great.
Dr Katrina Groves: So any other hospitalizations like that you had any other any surgeries. Your childbirth. I guess doesn't count. Unless it was a CC
Tracey Brown: A topic pregnancy. I had a surgery for
Tracey Brown: Don't journey. Yeah, um,
Tracey Brown: And then I had the lesion surgery and that's it is first surgery. No, I had a tubal ligation as well.
Tracey Brown: Okay, Holly button. Yeah, so
Dr Katrina Groves: Are your mother and father still living Tracy
Tracey Brown: My fault my real father is
Dr Katrina Groves: And you've had contact with him.
Tracey Brown: Um, I haven't had contact with, um, right before the virus broken out I was
Tracey Brown: Kind of sending my sister's son was going to go down and in. Actually, it had been so long since I see my father that I was going to show up in person.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, wow.
Tracey Brown: Try to visit them in person. Yeah.
Tracey Brown: I didn't, I didn't. I wasn't raised with them. So, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you know if he has any medical problems like high blood pressure, strokes, heart disease, diabetes,
Tracey Brown: He's a he jogs every day.
Tracey Brown: She's
Tracey Brown: Still
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow.
Tracey Brown: Geez. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: What about your mom. She's what kind of problems. Does she have medically
Tracey Brown: Well, my mom had stomach issues.
Tracey Brown: As well.
Tracey Brown: Um, I wasn't sure she she had suffered a rate in her life. I'm not quite sure. You know why her stomach was messed up. But, um,
Tracey Brown: I know that what is it cystic fibrosis. I'm thinking my mom had we got lumpy boobs.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's
Dr Katrina Groves: fibro big breasts.
Tracey Brown: Fiber cystic fibrosis nuts. And let's see, she said, or a runs in our family.
Tracey Brown: Rheumatoid arthritis.
Tracey Brown: Which I was like, where but yeah a lot of cancer. Some breast cancer in their
Tracey Brown: Own skin cancer grandmother died of skin cancer.
Tracey Brown: She was a smoker to always out in the sun. Back in the day, you know,
Tracey Brown: Yes, that's probably. Yeah, and then
Tracey Brown: My mom's cancer, um, which I expected it to be in the lungs, maybe because she was a smoker.
Tracey Brown: And I have her MRI.
Tracey Brown: None in the lungs.
Tracey Brown: Wow. Yes sir came from baby powder. It was her most goes. It was she had nine sisters. So they were all brought up on baby powder. As far as feminine hygiene. She used it all her life and her cancer was in the armpits and the hips in it, you know.
Tracey Brown: And everywhere that she that she just choose the baby powder was the cancer.
Dr Katrina Groves: When. When did she pass
Tracey Brown: 62 years old she passed in 2015
Tracey Brown: Wow. Yeah. I got to be there with her, though I was their arms and legs for the last three weeks.
Dr Katrina Groves: And do you have any siblings Tracy
Tracey Brown: Brothers, I have
Tracey Brown: One surviving sibling a younger half brothers is all I have left. Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: Out of how many heads.
Tracey Brown: And he had two kids, but his wife took them from him because he's smoked a bowl of marijuana he's never seen him since.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow. Yeah.
Tracey Brown: And my older brother, he was murdered here in town.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's right.
Tracey Brown: My mom.
Tracey Brown: So, you know, there was a lot of that.
Dr Katrina Groves: You've got a lot of post traumatic stress issues. Would you say
Tracey Brown: Um, yeah. Yeah, but, um,
Tracey Brown: I've always recognized it. I've always known it. And I've always been dealing with it. I've talked about it, you know, I mean,
Tracey Brown: Do you have accounts allowed myself to fill it. I haven't been running from it. Good.
Tracey Brown: Learning from every everything I can.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know you're still doing good to fix yourself. I hear you. So part of the thing with bright heart to is is not only do we do the Suboxone groups, but there's counseling.
Dr Katrina Groves: Traumatic people that have had traumas, you can have your own counsel or if you want one. You know, you don't have to. You can continue with Tony or I don't know if you were on telemedicine or with any for a while. I don't remember how that turned out.
Tracey Brown: Yeah, no didn't get that started okay
Tracey Brown: But I appreciate that. I'll keep that in mind.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, so how many kids do you have right now. I know you have your one son lives with you and he's held
Tracey Brown: He is 29 this year.
Dr Katrina Groves: No way.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. And how is that it's autistic right
Tracey Brown: But yeah, he um
Tracey Brown: He's actually still in the same state. But doing way better since I've gotten them off of all psych meds. He's only taken gabapentin to sleep at night.
Wow.
Tracey Brown: And he's doing much better without the meds.
Tracey Brown: Good cuz they didn't. They didn't change his situation whatsoever just physically. It did, but
Tracey Brown: Right, mentally, he's his to his
Dr Katrina Groves: And I just didn't
Tracey Brown: Want to use any medications if not enough.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah and now you've had any other children or miscarriages abortions.
Tracey Brown: Um, I got a younger son, Zach, he's doing good. And my daughter Christina with the three grand babies.
Tracey Brown: Are doing good. Um,
Tracey Brown: No other grandchildren.
Dr Katrina Groves: So three kids you pad.
Tracey Brown: Yeah, I have three kids three adult kids. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then any allergies that you have to medication. Or how about allergies pollen or, you know,
Tracey Brown: My know my mom's deathly allergic to penicillin. I can take it. But I mean, I've
Tracey Brown: Never really taken that much antibiotics. Anyway, I remember taking a little bit of penicillin. When I was a kid, but
Tracey Brown: It's very strong to me and and I I reacted very weird to penicillin. Like I feel like my soul's getting a float away.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you try to avoid that. But you don't get hives or anything. No.
Tracey Brown: No, I'm really tough skin.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Tracey Brown: Not much bothered bothers me at all. No.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I don't hear any suicide risk at all for you. I don't hear like you're trying to off yourself. You've got too much to live for. Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, ma'am. Yeah.
Tracey Brown: No worries here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. And so when are you going to need your next prescription for the Suboxone. Did you just
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, you need it now.
Which we like.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright so what pharmacy. Do you go to
Tracey Brown: I'm still at Walmart.
Dr Katrina Groves: Walmart. Yeah. Mike is a good guy. He cares about people. He can kind of get in space, but I really liked him.
Tracey Brown: I do too. Yeah, and you know, and
Dr Katrina Groves: So do you want just like 75 for the month since you're trying to taper. That would be one and a half, two and a half a day or or what do you want to do.
Tracey Brown: However you want to, like, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Every day.
Tracey Brown: I do take extra sometimes I do. I'm always lagging throughout the month, all the way through my menstrual cycle is really, when I feel my stomach issues because I get all swollen.
Tracey Brown: Right. These are like way worse.
Dr Katrina Groves: Let's, let's stick with them. Sorry. Let's stick with three a day them and 90 and then you
Dr Katrina Groves: Don't have to use that many if you don't want, I just remember at one point you were trying to taper down but maybe right now is not a good idea because I'd rather you get off the cigarettes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you shouldn't try to taper Suboxone and try and get up cigarettes. At the same time, because it won't work.
Tracey Brown: Yeah.
Tracey Brown: Sounds about right. Um,
Tracey Brown: Yeah, I feel more empowered, like with the other medicine backing me because
Tracey Brown: Lately without it you can feel your depression more you're more apt to slip into it.
Tracey Brown: Right you know that tiredness feeling that we've done to our own bodies by abusing it so many times that if you don't have that little some something in there, the tiredness of the body is what really can get someone to slip into to depression into that, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, I appreciate you.
Dr Katrina Groves: You have done. Oh, I appreciate you so much. It's great to have you guys join me here because it's a new thing for me but it came at a perfect time with all the virus stuff to be able to do this.
Yeah.
Tracey Brown: You, your dad. Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Uh huh. Thank you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Dr. We've got our masks at work and everybody's going around like Darth Vader why
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm trying to, I want to get you in a group when your medicine is do next. So that way every time I see you then we got, like, get your meds. So today is the second I'm doing two groups.
Dr Katrina Groves: Tracy, I do them on Monday nights at 545 ish or I do, or I do them on Thursday mornings at 10 which of those sounds better for you.
Tracey Brown: Um, I like the Monday night.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and that
Dr Katrina Groves: You would have to check in at like it's crazy. It takes a half hour to get people checked in, sometimes. So I would say start checking in at
Dr Katrina Groves: And let's see, when you would need us script would be 1234 plus two days.
Dr Katrina Groves: Want to it would be like June 1 actually would be. It's a month from now.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, how about I put you down and you'll see some people from group which is kind of fun.
Tracey Brown: Yeah yeah I jumped into one meeting already. It was cool.
Tracey Brown: I just did the other day I was just, I just downloaded zoom and was
Dr Katrina Groves: How I
Tracey Brown: Found myself in India. I was like, so excited. I was like,
Tracey Brown: Well,
Dr Katrina Groves: Tony still does them too. So please take advantage of just because you do microbes doesn't mean you can't do Tony's
Tracey Brown: Okay. Yeah. Very cool.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I will later today. Send your script. I have a couple other people after you but afternoon, I will send your prescription to Walmart.
Tracey Brown: Okay. Yeah, I was. I was really stressed out actually last few days because I didn't realize that we were getting a new number every time.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, I
Tracey Brown: Mean you know yeah I'm learning. I feel better. Every thought to look
Tracey Brown: At. That's good. Every new steps. Yep.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, you have a lovely day. And I will see you in a month. And if you need to come in sooner. Like if you just want to chat and I'm kind of filled up but I've got, you know, if it's urgent get in with me.
Tracey Brown: I really appreciate that.
Tracey Brown: I might take you up on that.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. All right, take care of their
Dr Katrina Groves: YouTube. See you.
Tracey Brown: Next time,
Tracey Brown: Thank you.
Tracey Brown: Bye Bye bye.
Dr Katrina Groves: I got another person waiting. I have no idea who this
iPhone: Can you see me. I can see you.
Dr Katrina Groves: I can see I can hear you. But I can't see you.
Dr Katrina Groves: As a little video
Thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hi.
iPhone: How are you
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm well, thank you for making it. Um, I was kind of confused as to who was coming on. First, I got three of you guys and everybody's coming at a different time.
iPhone: I was technically 10 minutes to go, but your normal run late
iPhone: I'm late, through here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Click
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, they don't get mad at, well, they just want you to show up maybe half hour early when you're getting you
Know,
iPhone: Run late, I don't
Dr Katrina Groves: I, you're good. Oh.
iPhone: Wait, I think to me you being late. You're talking to patients is different. Me being late means I don't respect your time whatsoever because I couldn't get my butt up to get on here.
iPhone: Now I look at it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, thank you. I'm glad you're here. Jennifer
iPhone: Thanks. So have you been
Dr Katrina Groves: We're good. We're surviving and yourself.
iPhone: Better
iPhone: Be
crappy
Dr Katrina Groves: last at least
Dr Katrina Groves: So our goal today is to get through like a history of what led you up to, you know, be in an addict and and kind of go through some of your history as well as
Dr Katrina Groves: Medical history. So it may take us about a half hour. Are you in a place where you're able to talk without any people listening or
iPhone: Yeah, I'm in my bedroom.
Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I know you've been with me and Tony gosh you started I have your other computer over here, which is why I'm sometimes looking to the right.
iPhone: Almost two years ago.
Dr Katrina Groves: See what date that was. Yeah, it was.
iPhone: July 5
Dr Katrina Groves: July fifth exactly
Dr Katrina Groves: Good for you. So any relapses during that time. Oh, there's your. I was wondering what that was, that you're listening.
iPhone: Oh, it's a snake. It's a ball python baby.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, beautiful. I don't get into snakes.
iPhone: Lead be amazed how many people do ask Tony does
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, I know. I used to have anger, but
iPhone: Yes, I
Dr Katrina Groves: Had two boys, so
iPhone: They get know
iPhone: That yeah she's sweet. She's a ball python. They're really DOS I'll she's never he never bit
iPhone: They had her own
iPhone: Food, she went right over to the frozen food because I don't like the way to my sound when they grab him.
iPhone: Yeah, he's gonna cheat a really, really, really awesome as far snakes are good at.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's great. That's good to have something a pet right now really helps people stay connected to and grab
iPhone: A dog, a cat in a snake excellent dog technically isn't mine. But the cat snake is but the dog sleep with me. She's over here. Snoring
iPhone: Perfect half paralyzed.
iPhone: I want to group with me for a while when she
iPhone: 30 losing her ability to walk.
iPhone: Because they said, generally it's about two weeks before they die. And that was two months ago.
iPhone: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: She's hanging around.
iPhone: She's getting more tone and using a legs that she has more control of so she's not dead.
iPhone: But she's good. Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm glad. So kind of start from the beginning. Jennifer and pretend I don't know your history and tell me what age you started using substances and kind of take me through it.
iPhone: Um, I started probably about 1718
iPhone: My mom's an average
Dr Katrina Groves: Mm hmm.
iPhone: Remember mom is still an app.
Yeah.
iPhone: He thinks because she gets a prescription
iPhone: Like a lot of people think that she's not an addict. She is
iPhone: And she makes 100 excuses and she did when I was a kid, too. And so when I was younger. When before I get taken from my mom, I took a borrower hotels and I threaten flesh. He tried to tell them is trying to take them. But now, so he ever cared about. So
iPhone: And then I
iPhone: should also know the whole. It's not like drinking, but
iPhone: It's just watching her. I started go home and then I didn't get real bad until about 25 and then 25 until I actually just click
iPhone: When I went into the program. So about 15 years
Dr Katrina Groves: What program was that
iPhone: The program through the clinic.
iPhone: That's the first recovery program. I was
Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so will you ever using heroin or was it mostly
iPhone: Just those I never really took care of winter. Um, it was strictly opiates always opiates. That's why when I got the advantage. I never had an issue and never had an issue with that to begin with.
They just
iPhone: Make me less anxious
iPhone: Mm hmm. I never had an issue with anything but the opiates is the only thing I've ever had an interest in it, which I didn't think about stuff or feel or
Dr Katrina Groves: Wanting to be numb. So what was your drug of choice was that methadone oxycodone morphine bike and mark.
Dr Katrina Groves: Photo oxycodone
iPhone: Actually just like oxy North Dakota, because
iPhone: By the pro or the title note in there. If I taken it. It's amazing. I didn't kill my liver and my livers. Fine.
Dr Katrina Groves: If you ever overdose.
iPhone: Um, yes and no. I have a stomach issues to where I throw up.
iPhone: And he and I had never I probably would have cozy. And there's a couple times. I thought I had, I got no clothes.
iPhone: So,
iPhone: I before I got in the clinic I got really, really bad and not try decided to go in
Dr Katrina Groves: And so how does the Suboxone work for you or
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you take some solve that on a
iPhone: Project storage underneath my tongue, the actual strips.
iPhone: Okay, um, the work
iPhone: Real hard triangle.
iPhone: It's just has to do with
iPhone: My mom and my dad.
iPhone: And I go to meetings when I'm supposed to
Dr Katrina Groves: We still don't have meetings with Tony
Dr Katrina Groves: My now. Okay.
iPhone: You know, I just do a zoom with your
iPhone: You
iPhone: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: What's that
iPhone: I've got a hard time lately. It
Dr Katrina Groves: Emotionally depression or what
iPhone: It should depression and it's
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: It's a lot right now. Um, I take a couple I take a lot of my students, not a couple a lot. I take a lot of antidepressants and mood stabilizers will
iPhone: I get a lot of medications to or if I want to get a buzz off of them. It wouldn't be very difficult and videos that too. But the problem is, is I'm not
iPhone: I wanted to go refill. One of my prescriptions and happens to be the one that makes me really panicky. If I don't have. It's just the government and just because I have seizures when I don't have it.
iPhone: And all of a sudden you know because years ago amber had written on their much last 30 days, which was fine.
iPhone: But she didn't fill it as a 30 day mark, even though I told her my mom took her and asked how I knew I have seizures when I go off it.
iPhone: Because I take it, but it doesn't look good. And as long as I don't have issues like that. I don't have a problem. Well, all of a sudden I want to affiliate and it's got must last 30 days on it again.
iPhone: And person. They said, This is what happened. This is why you know I get really panicky and crazy and anxious. And he said, No problem. I'll take it off. So I went I thought I told Mike the pharmacist. You know what he told me he fix it. You send them in a thing. Right. Same day I saw him well.
iPhone: Mike sent it in. It got sent back with not going to change stuff written. And I said, That's weird. She told me send it back into them and it came back. So I got a hold of the
iPhone: Nurse. And I said, You know, I talked to him and he said he take care of this because of what happened prior there was, you know, I took a lot of other medications, he you know he can put must last 30 days on, you know, but this one just happens to make me freak out.
iPhone: And I wouldn't wish on that day, he tells me he knows remember telling you that
And
iPhone: Then, because I'm an addict, apparently.
iPhone: I'm not trustworthy.
Dr Katrina Groves: I think it's more like he's forgetful, you know, Dr. Pearson has got his own medical issues. So maybe you can fool.
iPhone: I know and that's the thing that's probably what it was is key. She's a lot of people you guys forget just from the sheer volume.
iPhone: I know that, but I think Dr. Pearson feels that he has to be held to a higher standard because of his problems, he has. And if they think that he's forgetting that we make them working and it has nothing to do with that. It has to do with the fact that she's a lot of people
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, so one can do for you, you probably figured this out. But if you how many what what those do you take right now of the gap of Henson, I take
iPhone: Two, six milligrams, two, three times a day. I've been on it for
Dr Katrina Groves: 100 milligrams
iPhone: Yeah, so I take two of the
Dr Katrina Groves: Person today.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so what you want to try and do is take on one day if you can take a half less
Dr Katrina Groves: For a couple days and then that way. You've got an extra in case you need it. And, you know, so you can make yourself another day by doing that.
iPhone: Well, what I'm doing is I'm I went over to mental health because when I had went to go talk to them like patriots about it because it worries me and
iPhone: He also took me off my five out of man telling me I'm an addict. I shouldn't have stuff like that. Bottom line, he said, because I'm an addict.
iPhone: He doesn't prescribe stuff like that to add it to even though I had been had it for a year that you've been prescribing it never asked for it to be increased never had an issue with it.
iPhone: But he took it. So I told him, I said, by you taking this you're taking ideas on a month for like on a crawler my skin. I said, even though it's only five I got a win for me.
Right.
iPhone: And then he did this and then it's not just, it's one of his nurses
iPhone: I had to referrals going on for carpal tunnel studying for sleep study now it's her job to do those to the nurses to call
iPhone: And so I looked at it with Vinnie. The last time we had in there because we look up that because right now that's a huge issue for me to your referrals are there, he saw. Well, when I went to go redressed it's it's been a while the weed them out of my file.
Dr Katrina Groves: And she
iPhone: Doesn't have the power to do that. But she does, she has is in
iPhone: So I told Dr. Pearson lurk I've got referrals that are missing. I said the carpal tunnel. One is completely. Gosh, to put back to sleep study
iPhone: He said, Well, I must have just forgot to put it on there. I said, No, I was there, as you know, Vinnie you start winning had to send him an email stating
iPhone: It was there, she's not lying to you and you know you're driving her crazy with this gala patenting because you're freaking her out. And if you want to get a buzz off medications. She's got way better ones in that one.
iPhone: Yeah, but that doesn't matter. I'm an addict. So Dr. Pearson is a great doctor if you are not an addict. In fact, I would kill to get into him and I tried so hard before I got clean because he kind of supplies happened down our county pills any person. I went to here, who was local he was
Dr Katrina Groves: So let me kind of direct you back to you and I know you've got a lot of frustration with the medications, but I wanted to kind of get through.
Dr Katrina Groves: Your history.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or your mother and father still living. Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. And do you, who do you live with right now.
iPhone: Um, I live with me. My three kids, and then me and my mother. I don't live every live together.
iPhone: Because none of us can live on our own with the income in everything. Waiters. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so you've not been employed for a long time.
Dr Katrina Groves: What did you use to do
iPhone: In a minimum wage crap jobs. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And do you still smoke cigarettes.
iPhone: And do you have
Dr Katrina Groves: Any interest in quitting, or you're like now.
iPhone: All right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, let
iPhone: me get my anxiety to where I don't feel like you know
iPhone: My stomach or fall out my. But then, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I'm not married. No boyfriends.
Dr Katrina Groves: And do you drink alcohol stow or did you ever think
iPhone: I've never drink, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And any you have three kids, you said
iPhone: I have four but two three live at home.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Any miscarriage or abortions.
iPhone: One abortion two miscarriages.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay so 345. So you've been pregnant, like, six times then
iPhone: Yeah, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And birth control right now or you met him puzzle or
Dr Katrina Groves: Or you had asked me.
Dr Katrina Groves: What was a hysterectomy for
iPhone: Um,
iPhone: After I had my last one I got my tubes tied and for the five years after I just bleed. Indeed. Indeed, and it just got to the point where the Davey right as I turn 30 they get it. History occasions, so bad.
Okay, good.
Dr Katrina Groves: So any allergies that you have to medication. Oh gosh, you have a few aspirin gives you hives.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes. And Sister max is the antibiotic. I don't know what happens with that.
Um,
iPhone: Long time ago that I took that for the first time I'm mainly really sick. Not like to just stomach, stick it was more than that. Okay, but like I added
Dr Katrina Groves: And then
Dr Katrina Groves: Diazepam Valley and gives you a rash. Yeah. Interesting.
Dr Katrina Groves: What
iPhone: He got event, but my advantage. A small amount right it
iPhone: Probably had to do a dosage trying
iPhone: To
Dr Katrina Groves: And prednisone gives you a rash.
Dr Katrina Groves: And sulfur antibiotics give you hives.
iPhone: Know that they give me high fives and they make you feel like I can't read.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, we don't want that one. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then
Dr Katrina Groves: I just wanted to ask you some other physical kind of questions do you get Fevers or chills or night sweats and the last week or two.
iPhone: Know last week or two. Um, I get random fevers, or something different, that's been going on for the last couple of years.
iPhone: And when I went to the doctors attention. He told me, we'll get it documented. Well, when I get home. I feel sick. And I don't want to go anywhere in I take ibuprofen with a fever goes away, it stops.
iPhone: But three years not last couple weeks.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and any trouble with cough wheezing shortness of breath with your smoking.
iPhone: I have COPD.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, yeah. Do you have an inhaler, like, it looks like you have a beautiful
iPhone: Yes, I do.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how often do you use your inhaler.
iPhone: Depends. Sometimes a lot. Sometimes on at all. I mean, it just depends on the week and
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, do you have a controller medicine to or just that one for rescue
iPhone: And just that. Yeah, I don't have anything else. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And any chest pain or pressure like heart stuff, heart palpitations.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know swelling in your legs.
I'm
iPhone: A little bit, but
iPhone: Mostly with my hips hurt robotic spoiling my lunch.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And do you have, you said abdominal pain sometimes. And do you throw up. Do you vomit.
iPhone: Yeah a lot
Dr Katrina Groves: That seems like where your stress goes right in your stomach.
iPhone: Well, yeah, it does.
iPhone: Make sure
Dr Katrina Groves: Those
iPhone: I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: Sorry.
iPhone: So it makes it hard and you take medications you need to keep down because you're not going to get any more.
iPhone: Right. It goes right back to your parents.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
iPhone: You mentioned nervous wreck not know what to do.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have diarrhea and constipation or one or
iPhone: Late goes in between.
Dr Katrina Groves: Does this box sub solve make you constipated.
Dr Katrina Groves: No. Okay. And any
Dr Katrina Groves: tremors that you have
iPhone: No.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I know you've had seizures when you go off, they get a Penton but if you don't go off of it then.
iPhone: You don't have it easier. I'm good.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have vertigo dizziness or headaches.
iPhone: Yeah, but that's been there for years and years. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then sleep problems damn sleep issues.
iPhone: Yeah, I
iPhone: Just want to getting a sleep study done I fall asleep really easily wrong times like
Dr Katrina Groves: Got it.
iPhone: Will fall asleep shooting a movie and I've done it before. That's why you know I want to know.
iPhone: Sleep study
iPhone: I shouldn't fall asleep and really bad.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and
Dr Katrina Groves: So we talked about your mood issues and depression and anxiety. And do you still take Cymbalta
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that is 60 milligrams once a day.
iPhone: Yeah, I'm trying to get in through the mental health to help
iPhone: With those medications.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, that would be a good thing.
iPhone: Because just
iPhone: Writers, they have to the clinic thinks that
iPhone: You should have much last 30 days on prescriptions like that because I am I have
Dr Katrina Groves: A new psychiatrist at the
iPhone: Client. Yeah.
iPhone: Love the old when she was a great psychiatrists and this one.
iPhone: Do you make me feel like because I'm an addict. I'm below white
iPhone: Wow, I feel like, you know, showing should just feel like, because of that, I shouldn't have anything and everything I have should have my last 30 days on it.
iPhone: And they
iPhone: took away the out of band. They don't care how little words because I'm an ad
Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: So be spar. Do you still take that one.
iPhone: Yes. Melody. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that's 30 milligrams twice a day.
iPhone: Yes.
Okay, good.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the other thing I had was after X or hydroxyl seen that was for me.
iPhone: Yes, at UCLA make that. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So 25 milligrams twice a day. If you need more I've seen people taking double that, if you need something for anxiety.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and then
Dr Katrina Groves: What. When was your last refill of the sub solve
iPhone: Was almost two weeks ago or two weeks ago.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have your bottle at all. So we can I want to set up your first group to be when your script is do
Calm.
iPhone: Get a bottle.
iPhone: We do this.
Dr Katrina Groves: With a box. Yeah.
iPhone: Not a bottle gather
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I know.
iPhone: Yeah, so
iPhone: They're not in here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right now.
iPhone: It was dispensed on
iPhone: Hold on.
Dr Katrina Groves: You want to put it up to the I can maybe see it if you put it to
iPhone: You drunk.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, put it up a little higher, dear.
Dr Katrina Groves: Don't see where the dispenses
iPhone: Here. Hold on, let me find it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I can't see either
iPhone: There are, it's on the other box I pulled off. I don't know where that is. But it was Wednesday not last week, the week prior
iPhone: Let's see what
Dr Katrina Groves: Day. That was today's actually the second so Wednesday.
Dr Katrina Groves: It would have been 22nd.
Mm hmm.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so it'll be do again. One, two groups 1234 like the 20th, the week of the 20th
Dr Katrina Groves: So we have two choices for groups like this. I do 10 o'clock in the morning on a Thursday.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you gotta check in at 930
Dr Katrina Groves: Or I do Monday nights at 545 checking in at 515
Dr Katrina Groves: So one day nurture those are you'd like tonight. Okay. So that would be the 18th. Wow. I'm really, it's going to be so busy that day.
Dr Katrina Groves: How about if I have you come the 11th.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know it's a week early, but that way. I'll just give you, I'll they can fill it when it's due. Right.
iPhone: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Can you come on the 11th.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, okay. So, write it down. That's what I'm doing. Jennifer Monroe.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do a prescription one week or we observe what pharmacy. Are you at
Writing
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
iPhone: Look at what time
Dr Katrina Groves: It's at 545 but I like people to check in at 515 because they're going to do a brief assessment of your addiction thing. It takes about 10 minutes they always do little intakes
Dr Katrina Groves: So do you have any, any questions for me about how bright heart works as far as sending you the peak cups or getting the labs or who to
Dr Katrina Groves: Call or you seem like you got it really good
iPhone: I bought your movie on a different computer crash donating going to break her because it's different, but I'm trying to also get away from the clinic as fast as possible because
iPhone: I've got a nurse, doing my playing doctor
Dr Katrina Groves: And
iPhone: Trying to put all of my stuff to the mental health because the guy would paint will go as well. It helps with the anxiety and image.
iPhone: And so the medications at the clinic will be my cholesterol medication nausea medication and then a muscle relaxer flexor all
Dr Katrina Groves: And maybe your inhaler, too.
iPhone: Yeah, but those are medications to where if they want to pull I'm because I'm pitching a fit.
iPhone: I'm not going to lose.
iPhone: You know, so this of auctions leaving. And then, so I mean
iPhone: I'm planning. I'm just trying to get away from the clinic, it's not okay, how they treat people don't want to be treated properly.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's not just the clinic. I mean, I know what you mean. But it depends on the person, everywhere you know
Dr Katrina Groves: My novel appears is bad to some people are good. Some people aren't. It's just hard to know.
iPhone: I know, but the doctor in there that should know what it's like to not be in control of your own bar, you shouldn't
iPhone: make other people feel that way. I mean, I'm not. I haven't relaxed. I haven't done anything wrong.
Dr Katrina Groves: Exactly. And I think bright heart is really good with that. I mean, we will bend over backwards to help you and I respect that you're in recovery. Why should people be penalized. You know, you're not out on the street, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: So you would think.
iPhone: You know when you started doing this they felt like I shouldn't have gone into recovery, because I wouldn't be treated like I wouldn't be treated like I can't be trusted with anything and
iPhone: If I break my arm. I will never get anything above Tramadol, you know, and that's not okay. I want to get to fix, but I'm too afraid to. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And actually, so we do have people that need treatment. We've gone through over the past few years, we give narcotics to people when they have surgery.
Dr Katrina Groves: We give people. Well, yeah, it depends what Dr. You get
iPhone: When I asked because I have a bunch of cheap need to have pulled they keep getting infected.
iPhone: And with them getting infected all the time. That's a problem. And I had actually talked to him to have a hard time with pulling teeth and you've even given me medication enough for three days. It's just a three days after I have a hard time with it.
iPhone: Right.
iPhone: Exactly 30 he's already said dumb an addict and he was always trained never to give an attic anything addictive.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and that's just, you know, in proper training because when that person was trained that there wasn't a lot of information about addiction and now everybody knows more people know about it. So there are people that still have stigmas
Dr Katrina Groves: Unfortunately, make me
iPhone: Feel like
iPhone: Sometimes I shouldn't have gotten into recovery. Because if I didn't, I wouldn't be treated like this, I wouldn't considering because I get panicky to go buy some gap, a pet in off the street which doing shows, because it's not worth selling right you know
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I'm hoping that you, you have a plan to get somebody that's going to help give you medication. And let me help you to now that you're with the right heart. If you can't get something from mental health, then I will do it for you. If I think it's okay for you so you just let me know.
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't want you to run out.
iPhone: I I'm not moving over to mental health until
iPhone: She can be about another much I got to see a psychiatrist and know really booked out far worse now and yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: It's all telemedicine.
iPhone: I keep getting pin Nikki, the clothes you even told him, I said, look, if you give me three months at a time. That way I don't get panicky a week at every month. I just feel like orange. I just get
iPhone: I have a hard, hard time
iPhone: As hard time
And
iPhone: He can put must last 30 days on any prescription. I've told them that, but definitely
But not
iPhone: When I had that seizure when they took me in
iPhone: Wasn't grandma's
iPhone: I couldn't remember anything they treated me like I was overdosing
iPhone: Like talk screen came back.
iPhone: Right, but yet in me that I don't want to do that ever again. And I don't want to be treated like I get something wrong because we didn't know
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you want me to take over the Gabba Penton for you.
iPhone: We please
And
Dr Katrina Groves: It doesn't mean that you don't that you can't get it from the psychiatrists, too. But I would rather to make
Sure.
iPhone: They can get over because he just makes me feel like horrible person. And I don't deserve that. And it's it's are letting doing it right.
iPhone: Now it's playing doctor
Dr Katrina Groves: So don't double dip, though, you know, once they find out I'm prescribing them, you're going to just tell them to do it anymore that grows and
iPhone: Everything like that just
Dr Katrina Groves: I know you
iPhone: Want the most last 30 days taken off, please.
Dr Katrina Groves: Exactly. And so when do you need your new prescription. I think that they just fill it on the 21st
iPhone: It was cool.
iPhone: My prescriptions going on.
iPhone: Medication thing with the
Dr Katrina Groves: 20th 20th of April.
iPhone: Fill it
iPhone: Company, even if you were to put it in insurance companies, they will do it until they prove it.
iPhone: Right, okay. What's i mean you know my wife has advocated offered her to
Dr Katrina Groves: That's fine.
I will have a stomach.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'll just send it in for 600 milligrams, two, three times a day number 80 right to for so
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, actually I couldn't give me three months at a time. If they let me like five
iPhone: What is that five for that.
iPhone: Because I tried to bring me up to is, you know, she kept telling me I was on the Mac doses should know nor the max dosing seeing him give out just Pearson
iPhone: 800 milligrams to three times a day. And he said, no one he has on their side got sure there is George Michael well known heroin addict. You're giving him three months at a time.
iPhone: Right and
Dr Katrina Groves: I will send that so you don't have to worry about this anymore. I hear it's such a huge thing and I don't know why they're being like that. But now that you're in with me on. Right. Are you happy to just take over that for you and get that stress off your plate.
iPhone: It's our letter doing it. It's not easy. Pearson, but he doesn't want to look like she's not running his show
iPhone: Me afraid of what people are going to say about his disability say
iPhone: He's allowing this I shouldn't have to have another doctor tell him, Look, this was there, there was two referrals there Mike telling. Don't do this to her again this has already happened to her once
Dr Katrina Groves: We can't change his mind. So we will just go a different route. Okay.
iPhone: Know what I did to him to make them think and
Dr Katrina Groves: You he it wasn't you. It's just a different personality types. So let's put that in the past. I'm also. So, you know, bright heart health has counselors to i know i don't think they have to say, I
iPhone: Think I was playing
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you still have any okay yeah
iPhone: I like funny he knows me
iPhone: Perfect up for me, like what he did with Pearson
Dr Katrina Groves: Perfect.
iPhone: He knows I'm not doing anything wrong. He knows I'm not relaxing. I'm doing
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I will see you then. On Monday, the 11th and you're going to remind me that day that you're going to need a script, even though it's early
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because the 18th. I've got like 1-234-567-8910 I got like 11 people on the 18th and that's just crazy.
iPhone: along fine and then I'll call Mike at Walmart. That one's at Walmart pharmacy, you know that the gabapentin and like
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, how can we do that, how can you have to pharmacies.
iPhone: That's going to be confusing promised me that he would
iPhone: let that happen again and he feels bad.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay so Walmart is Neurontin
Dr Katrina Groves: And right it will be yours absolved
iPhone: It's because the last time the last 30 days got put on their
iPhone: overzealous bright a pharmacist, you will I
Dr Katrina Groves: Will take it off.
iPhone: Yeah, couple overzealous but yeah so Mike
iPhone: You promise you never let that happen again. He just goes back to, because she doesn't know what to do. You
iPhone: Know the way in. But he did anyway.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I'm still in touch with Mike and he knows my number he can call so I'm glad this was going on without
iPhone: At you'll be putting one in there or
Dr Katrina Groves: I'll do it this afternoon when I'm done with my groups.
iPhone: And all I have actual private number but
iPhone: Calling it works and stuff like that.
iPhone: Right legal
iPhone: Yeah, thank you. And I'm glad I get to see you again and
Me too.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm glad.
iPhone: Need to get away from the clinic.
iPhone: Clinic, it will be better.
Dr Katrina Groves: Reach out to Tony though if you need to. In the interim, otherwise I'll let you
Dr Katrina Groves: Know, and I'll see you on Monday night.
iPhone: All right. Thank you.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, take care.
Bye.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh boy.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Tony
Dr Katrina Groves: Tony made it
Dr Katrina Groves: Can you hear me.
Dr Katrina Groves: You can't hear me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Try to turn on your camera.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hey, I
Dr Katrina Groves: Can't hear you either
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, wait a minute.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, let me go back to while I'm waiting for Tony
Dr Katrina Groves: Jennifer Monroe her diagnoses are opioid dependence severe intermission.
Dr Katrina Groves: Sure. Sounds has severe panic and anxiety disorder.
Dr Katrina Groves: Which is not well controlled. She has COPD, and she has tobacco dependence severe
Dr Katrina Groves: To cigarettes. I'm not interested in quitting at this time I did say she had depression. She also has a borderline personality disorder.
Dr Katrina Groves: And unfortunately during. So one of the things during the visit that she did and does often is to malign any of the health professionals that she comes across basically seeing the worst and everyone and thinking, everyone's out to get her kind of thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: So she did the same thing today.
Dr Katrina Groves: She has Vinny counselor who she'll be seeing continue to see
Dr Katrina Groves: And otherwise, she's going to be going to mental health.
Dr Katrina Groves: I will be shrinking taking over her Gabba Penton
Dr Katrina Groves: 600 milligrams to tip number 540 for three months. And that's going to go to Walmart but Rite Aid is her prescriptions for those absolved that she takes 5.7 milligrams three per day. And that one. I'm not doing until I see her on the 11th, which is Monday night.
Dr Katrina Groves: Gosh, what else on her. She
Dr Katrina Groves: I think you got that she was g six p RI ta be too sad.
Dr Katrina Groves: One.
Dr Katrina Groves: Her past surgical history as hysterectomy Tubal astronomers for dysfunctional eater and reading, not for cancer.
Dr Katrina Groves: She Oh, another diagnosis. She also has his
Dr Katrina Groves: Insomnia insomnia. Once they times on the list. So that actually goes on the idea systems under constitutional word I put papers, chills, night sweats, the fever thing. Yeah, I don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: I think she's got the mental health issues that are clouding that
Dr Katrina Groves: So other than that, I think we're good.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I think she's done. Let me get
Dr Katrina Groves: We're trying again.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hoping to see you hoping to hear you.
Dr Katrina Groves: I see you
Dr Katrina Groves: Now, I still can't hear you.
Dr Katrina Groves: I hear you, I hear a voice.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes, I can't believe it.
You made it work.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so you're gonna freeze you're freezing in and out.
Dr Katrina Groves: What's happening now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh dear. Now you're frozen.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm sorry I'm typing. I keep forgetting to stop recording. Okay, so the first one. And going back to Tracy brown her diagnoses were
Dr Katrina Groves: opioid dependence in a severe in in remission.
Dr Katrina Groves: She has COPD and also smoking nicotine dependence.
Dr Katrina Groves: Moderate cigarettes and she is in a goal mode to quit. So I spent more than three minutes talking with her about nicotine.
Dr Katrina Groves: Dependence and quitting. So please, there's a bill for that some kind of thing. You can build for nicotine discussion.
Dr Katrina Groves: And she is going to try cold turkey, she's tried patches in the past shows I was diagnosed with PTSD, her brother was murdered. Okay, I'm getting back to her later. Now I'm going back to Tony trying to come in.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's crazy. Zoom today.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, now I hear you.
TCL A503DL: Know, okay, my, my phone is dying. I mean, it's on the charger, but I got I got battery saver mode on so hopefully that'll open it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm seeing you, Aaron. You all right, let's get this done before I lose you again.
Dr Katrina Groves: So thanks for being here.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, I don't know if maybe if I was on the Wi Fi if it would use less battery. I don't know.
TCL A503DL: Let's try it. Another seems like it's one more program. Right. So, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so tell me from the beginning. This is like a history of the beginning. So when you started using drugs first
Dr Katrina Groves: And what they were.
TCL A503DL: Oh geez.
I know
TCL A503DL: That
TCL A503DL: When I was an eight.
TCL A503DL: START SMOKING WEED.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, my sister.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now you froze just not gonna work.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, man. You're frozen.
Dr Katrina Groves: Tracy
Dr Katrina Groves: Stable connection.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so tell me if I can, I can not do him. It's just not good enough. Alright, so back to Tracy brown
Dr Katrina Groves: Was there anything new with her. Oh, she was well groomed Tracy Brown had a good attention span, everything was normal on her.
Dr Katrina Groves: Back to, I guess,
Dr Katrina Groves: Jennifer Monroe, she appeared depressed, anxious
Dr Katrina Groves: She had psycho motor agitation shed that snake on camera, which is fine, but I hope she doesn't bring it to group.
Dr Katrina Groves: Insomnia sleep problems. I said,
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, I think I'm just going to be done with that for now. Sorry. That wasn't the best organized group ever
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, take care. I might have to try and do him tomorrow, or maybe later today or tomorrow.
Dr Katrina Groves: Thank you for your assistance.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are we trying again.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I hear you.
TCL A503DL: It's dying because it's, I mean I'm it has zero battery when I'm plugging it in it's like it's completely
TCL A503DL: Dead so
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you want to
TCL A503DL: Just, I don't know. I'd like to turn on the Wi Fi, so we'll see. I don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: If I lose you. Again, we can have you charge your battery. I'll be happy to do it tonight in a couple hours or even Sunday. I don't care. I just want to get you run
TCL A503DL: Okay, yeah, I mean,
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so
TCL A503DL: We'll just
Dr Katrina Groves: The last thing I heard was, um, you use marijuana when you were eight and that was it.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, so that was my sister does. The first time I skipped school too. Yeah.
TCL A503DL: And I don't know what you want just brief history of
Dr Katrina Groves: Like yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: How does lead to what
TCL A503DL: I don't know that I could really say that. I mean, people always say that gateway, but I didn't.
TCL A503DL: I never had, like, oh, I need to do something else.
TCL A503DL: It was more of peer pressure that got me to do things.
TCL A503DL: I hung out with a lot older kids and
TCL A503DL: They were their parents of drug dealers, though. I mean, nice. Yeah.
TCL A503DL: I was like,
TCL A503DL: They had a year he Cotton's out
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm kind of hearing background with other people there. Is there a way
Dr Katrina Groves: That you could be in a private space. There's not not
TCL A503DL: doctors appointments. If you don't
TCL A503DL: I just had to go get this extension cord to not be able to
TCL A503DL: Be charging
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, we'll do the best we can.
TCL A503DL: All I'll try to keep the
TCL A503DL: Microphone close my mouth, at least here.
TCL A503DL: Pull it out of my ear.
TCL A503DL: Mo quality right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: So when, when did you start using opioids narcotics the heroin and meth.
TCL A503DL: What see alcohol. I started at 1214 with the look like bike it in and stuff.
TCL A503DL: And
TCL A503DL: Like it progressed through that, like, I didn't really start doing math until later on, like, it was like 18. The first time you know yeah
TCL A503DL: And then it didn't like the math thing wasn't. I didn't appeal to me as much as like until later. You know, like I dabbled in it here and there, because other people were into it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right.
TCL A503DL: But it was. Yeah. It wasn't later with needles stuff when when that became a problem.
Dr Katrina Groves: And how many times have you overdosed. Do you think
TCL A503DL: I'm
TCL A503DL: Like three thank
TCL A503DL: Well, and there was there was one time when I was 17 I think with pills. I mean, they call it an overdose about the guy died. It wasn't like that sort of thing. It was so much as an Ambien
TCL A503DL: And so like I
TCL A503DL: Turned all weird and started you know doing strange stuff right kind of wind is weird zombie mode non responsive and doing strange things to where you know I ended up in the hospital and, you know, drinking charcoal, but I don't. I think it was more of like a really weird blackout.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
TCL A503DL: As the drugs are weird.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you continue drinking alcohol or
TCL A503DL: Has that yeah I still do.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Is it a lot. A little. I mean what, what are we talking a six pack a day or a fifth
TCL A503DL: Yeah, something like that. Still any like what I
TCL A503DL: You know I
TCL A503DL: Some guy comes and goes, I don't really have the money all the time. So it's you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Know, hey,
TCL A503DL: It's not bad. You know it it's not been as much of a advice lately, you know, the, like, I'd say the last year. So like
TCL A503DL: Since going to Frankie's and getting into all the other drugs and stuff. It kind of just took a back burner and a lot of times, you know, especially with all that Matthews like it wasn't alcohol really hard to get an effect from when you're using a bunch of mouse.
TCL A503DL: Right, and so I couldn't concentrate to drink the alcohol that it would take
Right.
TCL A503DL: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So where are your living situation. Now, are you still homeless what's going on.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh dear, you froze. No.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're frozen. Gosh darn it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm gonna have to stop. I did get a little bit of it. I don't know if you can save that.
Dr Katrina Groves: For next time I'm gonna try again later. So try to save pony.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or at least dictate part of it and transcribe part of it, and then I'll finish later. Alright, thanks. I'm so sorry about the problems in this crazy